[OSDOCS-18555]: CQA: Install HCP on bare metal pt. 2 (#111571)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/hcp-bm-verify.adoc

[id="hcp-bm-verify_{context}"]
= Verifying hosted cluster creation

[role="_abstract"]
After the deployment process is complete, you can verify that the hosted cluster was created successfully.

> Follow these steps a few minutes after you create the hosted cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you created the hosted cluster, wait a few minutes before you start the steps in the procedure.
```
